Added 500 error to Fastly Custom Error Page list (#9096)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/cdn/cloud-fastly-custom-response.md

> -  [Timeout or site maintenance outages (503 Service Unavailable)](#customize-the-503-error-page)
> -  [WAF blocking events that occur when the WAF detects suspicious request traffic (403 Forbidden)](#customize-the-waf-error-page)
> -  [Server Error (500 Internal Server Error)](#customize-the-503-error-page) - this is covered by the same function as the 503 error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  [Server errors - Internal server error, timeout or site maintenance outages (error code 500 or greater)](#customize-the-503-error-page)
-  [WAF blocking events that occur when the WAF detects suspicious request traffic (403 Forbidden)](#customize-the-waf-error-page)
```

Author: We can go with that. Main reason I added separately was because of a complaint about clarity.
